- Let's now understand the concept
of chaining of your resolvers.
By far, we have our application H+,
which is trying to use all kinds of your resolvers.
Basically three:
InternalResourceViewResolver,
XML based resolver,
and ResourceBundle resolver.
But sometimes your application may have the need
to configure multiple view resolvers.
Maybe you need to render some content using a GSP
and then you need an internal resource view resolver for it,
then you may have certain templates
with the velocity of freemarker,
so you need a separate view resolver for them.
So multiple view resolvers
can exist in your spring application
and you will be able to set an order on each of them,
using a set order method available on the resolver object.
So you can have these multiple view resolvers coexisting,
both of them trying to resolve views across your application
Higher is the order value number
that you provide to that set order API.
The later that view resolver is going to be placed
in the execution chain.
So how does it work?
Let's say you have an XmlViewResolver
and that was assigned an order of one.
And then you have the InternalResourceViewResolver,
which was assigned an order of two.
So if the view was successfully resolved by XmlViewResolver,
we are good.
However, if it fails to do that,
then your InternalResourceViewResolver
is going to be set into action.
If the view resolves successfully with it,
we are good again.
However, if that fails,
then it is going to throw an exception,
saying that it could not resolve the view
and just go back and check your configuration.
So you can chain those view resolvers
and in the next video,
we're going to see a demo for this.
We are going to use InternalResourceViewResolver
and XmlViewResolver together
and we find out how to chain those resolvers
and see the result.